docs(mig-guide): discontinuation of `engine-rest-jaxrs2` artifact (#1317)
camunda/camunda-docs-manual: content/update/minor/717-to-718/_index.md

Going forward we will not further develop the Camunda H2 console app. This also means there will not be any more releases for this project.
If you need to connect to the default file-based H2 database during development, we encourage you to use third-party tools like [DBeaver](https://dbeaver.io/).

# REST API artifact `camunda-engine-rest-jaxrs2` discontinued

Starting with 7.18.0, we discontinue the REST API artifact `org.camunda.bpm:camunda-engine-rest-jaxrs2`. We provided this artifact to allow long-polling on the REST API endpoint `/external-task/fetchAndLock` for application servers/runtimes that support the JAX-RS 2.0 specification. Application servers/runtimes only supporting JAX-RS 1.0 had to use the artifact `org.camunda.bpm:camunda-engine-rest-core`, excluding the long-polling capability. 

> Since we dropped support for IBM WebSphere 8.5 with the 7.17.0 release, we could consolidate both artifacts again into the `org.camunda.bpm:camunda-engine-rest-core` artifact, which is now based on the JAX-RS 2.0 specification and provides support for long-polling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since we dropped support for IBM WebSphere 8.5 with the 7.17.0 release, we were able to consolidate both artifacts again into the `org.camunda.bpm:camunda-engine-rest-core` artifact, which is now based on the JAX-RS 2.0 specification and provides support for long-polling.
```

Reviewer: Stumbled over this one. Feel free to ignore if you disagree.
